so, i got this laptop as a gift a few years ago, the battery was not charging when i got it.
every time i connect the power cable while powered off the red charging led blinks 6 or 7 times, about 5-10 seconds, 
then it goes dark. if the laptop is running and i insert the battery, it blinks only 2 times.
so the battery and laptop talk to each other, and after they figured out that something is wrong, 
the laptop turns off the charger. blocking either one or both of scl and sda with a piece of plastic extends this time,
to about about 30 seconds(?), probably until a timeout occurs?
anyway, none of that charging current from the laptop seems to arrive at the battery now,
before i started messing around with it, it would give a tiny but noticable increase,
allthough it was just a few seconds charging. now, nothing. and it also doesn't output anything,
but i guess this always has been that way.

interesting question here, what blocks the current? that 3 legged fuse? i tried to bridge that with a bit of solder.
but then there are those nasty little things called mosfets? ( as far as i understood a switch that turns off if
it's input voltage is too low).


another funny thing, i am now unable to talk to the battery when it is outside the laptop.
when plugged in, i can still read all the values, so i2c seems to work.
cat /sys/class/power_supply/BAT1/voltage_now 
7576000
seems a bit low though, before it was around 9V. So i guess that microcontroller somehow needs power...
the battery seems to be divided in to compartments of 1x2 and 1x4 cells. 
i tried to charge it with an external charger, but now the voltage won't increase above a certain level, 
so i guess what i was actually charging were only 2 of the 6 cells?
at the moment i try to charge that 4 cell block directly, let's see if this helps.

interesting thing to try:

maybe sniff the communication that occurs between battery and laptop? i need a 2 channel soundcard, my mic-in
only gives me one channel.or grab the two channels one after the other and later align them,
hoping that the communication is always the same, and there is no clock stretch or things like that?
what if the battery just answers with it's stats...? 
what if we blocked the batterys i2c pins, fliped some bits in the signal, aka tell the laptop what it wants to hear,
and replayed it to the laptop's EC? would it keep charging? 
if i unplugged the cells and fed the controller with an external power source, would that work, like, could i talk to the chip?
strange thing again, it won't charge, but it obviously takes power from the laptop to power the chip?
maybe recell it? i still hope that i can somehow change things in full access mode...i just have this one battery,
and if charlie miller is afraid of the boot rom mode, i should be terrorized i guess, so i'd like to avoid that if possible,
or at least learn enough about this stuff to not brick the controller...


and finally the question: why would anybody throw away a dead battery if you still can have so much fun with it? :D 
